
**Update time**：{docsify-updated} 

**1. After the user logs in, the control device reports that "Token was not created by this application and was not verified by token"**

?> A: When the app user logs in, the value of the client_id in the header needs to be consistent with the value of the client_id in the header when the platform service is invoked. The platform service checks the accessToken and client_id request client of the user login authorization.


**2. The password is incorrect when logging in. After resetting the password, entering the new password still prompts the password error.**

?>A: The production environment account is logged in. After the password is incorrect, do not repeat the attempt more than 5 times. After the wrong password is entered 5 times, the account is locked. The lock time is 1 hour. The login cannot be logged in. The app error is incorrect.


**3. Report "G20910" when the user device is bound**

?> A: G20910 indicates that the non-secure device verification failed. Solution: Non-secure device binding:  
1. The device must be online.</br>
2. The time for reporting the version information of the device is no more than 10 minutes, that is, less than or equal to 10 minutes.</br> 
3. When the app calls the UWS service interface for binding, the retry mechanism can be added to increase the binding success rate.


**4. Report "G20904" when the user device is bound**

?> A: G20904 indicates that the number of bindings has been exceeded. Solution: One user can only bind 100 devices, and more than 100 cannot be bound.

**5. Report "G20908" when the user device is bound**

?> A: G20908 indicates that the device has passed the security period. Solution: Re-distribute the network for binding.


**6. 404 error when application service calls device management service enterprise version (udse)**

?> A: The 404 (not found) request failed, and the requested resource was not found on the server. Solution: First check the interface parameters to check whether the request parameters and methods are correct. Secondly, determine whether the device to be controlled is authorized, and whether the IP of the application server is added to the whitelist of the IOT platform.


**7. The account is locked. Please try again later.**

?> A: When the password is entered incorrectly more than 5 times, the account will be automatically locked. It will be unlocked automatically after 1 hour. You can't log in again during the lock, use the forgotten password function.

**8. When the device is powered off or reconnected to the platform, the device that is found through the platform interface has a delay and is not synchronized. What should I do?**

?> A: The platform gateway has a 3-minute delay judgment, and it is determined that the heartbeat of the device is not detected within 3 minutes.

**9. Is the device MAC address case sensitive for the platform?**

?> A: The device MAC is case-sensitive in the platform. If the platform stores the MAC address as uppercase, using the lowercase MAC address to invoke the platform-related service will cause an error.

**10. When the device is bound, what does the device encrypt data?**

?> A: This parameter is the security key information that the device connects to the cloud platform and is issued by the platform to the device. The key value can be obtained through the getDeviceBindInfo interface in UDSK.


**11. How to distinguish between standard and non-standard models?**

?> A: The standard model device refers to the hardware device created by the Haigeek, and the device function protocol document generated online. The device TYPEID generally starts with 2.</br>
Non-standard model devices are mainly device function protocol documents generated by offline manual writing before Haigeek, usually called 6-bit code devices. The device TYPEID generally starts with 1 or 0.


**12. How to troubleshoot the problem when the token does not exist?**

?> A: a) Environmental issues, please check the network conditions used by the app. For example, the APP login accesses the developer environment, but the network switches to the production environment when other interfaces are requested.</br>
b) The token is naturally invalid, and the token is valid for 25 days.</br>
c) The exit user interface may be called, and exiting the interface will delete the token.

**13. When calling the platform's uds, ufm, udse, ums, etc. uws service related interface, report signature error.**

?>A: a) The signature algorithm of the platform uws service is sign = sha256(url+ body+appId+appKey+timestamp), and the body in the string to be signed must filter the space and the carriage return character. In the signature string, appkey uses the value of the corresponding environment, and the development appkey is used in the joint debugging, developer environment, and production using the production appkey. The timestamp in the string to be signed, preferably the current timestamp. The url is the interface address, the part after the port number, and does not include the parameters of the get method.</br>
b) There is another reason for the signature error. The appId of the new application may be missing information such as appkey because it is not synchronized to each environment. The feedback platform can be solved by the technician.</br>


**14. Third-party account login failed.**

?> A: a) If you call the service of the Group User Center, contact the Group User Center to resolve it.</br>
b) If the cloud is connected to the cloud, the portal is a cloud platform and is responsible for the cloud platform user system. If the login fails, you need to analyze whether it is a return prompt, such as</br>
`{"retCode":"22108","retInfo":"Login failed[{\"ret\":-23,\"msg\":\"token is invalid\"}]","userId":null}`</br>
retInfo is the prompt returned by the third-party platform verification interface to determine the cause of the error.




[^-^]:常用图片注释